from saving your life in a dire
situation
to helping you experience virtual
reality check out the ways to use your
old phone
before throwing it away vr headset
take your old phone box and cut out two
round holes for your eyes
and an oval one for the nose use
stickers to attach small magnifying
lenses to the eye holes
the flat side facing the viewer add a
strap that will hold the box on your
head
put your phone in the phone holder and
secure it to the lid with double-sided
tape
download a vr app on your phone and
you're good to go
dash cam special apps will allow you to
choose video recording time and its
quality
you can also use audio recording to have
the full picture
distort your videos better use an sd
card
now secure your old phone on the
dashboard and plug it in the car
charger after arriving at your
destination take the phone with you
or leave it in the glove compartment
wi-fi repeater many phones have a
built-in feature that boosts a wi-fi
signal
but if your device has problems with
that you can turn your old
phone into a wi-fi booster a special
application will extend the range of
your wi-fi network
the app will also give you a new network
password to connect your other devices
gps find an app that has offline maps
and download it on your old phone
now you can use your new gps device
without the internet
secure the phone on the dashboard and
plug it into your car's usb
charger but make sure the adapter works
properly
otherwise your phone can get too much
power and it'll cause problems with the
battery
gps car tracker since most phones have
find my device feature you can turn your
phone into a tracker for your car
just connect your old gadget with the
new one by signing into the same google
or
apple account turn on the location on
your old phone
and place the device in a safe place for
example
under the seat or in the glove box now
you'll find your car wherever it is
survival tool even if your phone doesn't
work
some of its parts might come in handy if
you get stuck in the wild
the lcd screen can act as a signal
mirror to attract the rescuer's
attention
or you can pull out a magnet from the
speaker and use it to magnetize a piece
of wire
then put the wire on a leaf and let it
float in a puddle
the magnetized end will indicate north
[Music]
game pad finding a cheap a good game pad
is no easy feat
but your old phone can turn into one
with the help of an app
in most cases you'll also have to
install the suggested program on your pc
then just make sure your computer and
phone share the same ip address
and you're all set to play
new landline phone if your carrier
allows it
you can transfer your landline number to
your old cell phone
all you have to do is choose a provider
with a suitable plan
and cut the cord action camera
get a special case for your old phone it
should have a built-in fisheye lens
that will give your videos and picks a
wide angle view
such cases are usually water and brake
proof
now attach it to your selfie stick and
go for adventures
no selfie stick well secure the phone
with the help of a car mount
glue it to your helmet or wherever you
need it
security camera many security camera
apps offer
local streaming motion detection footage
storing and so on
install such an app on your old phone
and place it so its camera points at a
spot you want to keep an eye on
for a broader view get a wide angle lens
keep the phone plugged in
at all times fitness tracker
use your old phone to store apps
tracking your gym results
and you won't overload your new gadget
if your goal is to lose some weight
you can download an app that counts
calories in your food
based on the picture of your meal
mic for a pc laptops and desktops have
built-in mics
but generally they aren't too good
luckily with the help of a special
program
you can make a mic out of your old phone
in no time
install the program on your computer and
connect the phone to the pc
via bluetooth usb or wi-fi
pc controller there are several apps
both for androids and iphones that let
you sync your phone with a computer or
laptop
after syncing you can use your old phone
as a mouse or touchpad
it can control sound volume levels open
computer programs remotely
and even turn your pc off but your phone
and desktop
have to be connected to the same wi-fi
network
tv remote if you have a smart tv
connect it and your phone to the same
wi-fi network
then download a special app and you can
use your gadget to turn the tv on and
off
surf the channels and control the volume
if you want to manage such electronic
devices
as ac you'll need an app that allows
your phone to send
infrared signals
remote desktop install a remote desktop
program your pc supports
and find an access code and password for
remote sign-ins
now download a companion app on your old
phone
and use your gadget to access everything
you have on your pc
no matter where you are
night vision camera with a night vision
camera
app you can take pictures snap selfies
and record videos
in the dark it works even on old phones
and those without a flashlight
white noise generator if it's hard for
you to fall asleep
download an app that produces white
noise and put your phone near the bed
some apps even let you snooze to brown
pink blue or
violet noise and many other calming
sounds
media library first do a factory reset
to delete
everything you have on your old phone
including pictures voice recordings
you got it upload there your fav
tv shows movies audiobooks music etc
after that you can stream all this
content to your other devices
testing ground the internet is full of
crazy phone tricks
from applying toothpaste to get rid of
scratches on the screen
to putting an overheated device in the
fridge satisfy your curiosity by
experimenting
on your old phone donating it to a good
cause if you keep your old phone
charging and connected to your home
wi-fi at all times
scientists can use its computing power
to crunch complex data
there's a special app to help them
complete their research faster
or you can give your phone away and it
will protect forest from illegal logging
its sensors will detect chainsaw sounds
and notify park rangers
digital photo frame all you have to do
is prop your phone against something
stable
pick the pictures you like and launch a
slideshow
don't forget to remove the sim card so
that no one spoils the flow of memories
with a call or message
ereader after factory resetting your old
phone
download an e-book reader app set the
brightness that's comfortable for your
eyes
adjust the colors or switch to light on
dark color scheme